h1. JsonBenchmarkCpp 

JsonBenchmarkCpp is a small program to benchmark various JSON
frameworks in c++

Currently supports following libs,

# "Cajun":http://sourceforge.net/projects/cajun-jsonapi
# "json_spirit":http://www.codeproject.com/KB/recipes/JSON_Spirit.aspx
# "libjson":http://sourceforge.net/projects/libjson
# "json-parser":https://github.com/udp/json-parser
# "AveryWs js":https://github.com/matthewaveryusa/averyws

See my "blog post":http://www.lijoantony.com/?p=5 for details.

h2. Building

# Install "git":http://git-scm.com
# @git clone git://github.com/lijoantony/JsonBenchmarkCpp.git@
# Edit main.cpp to suit your needs
# Either edit the Makefile as you like and use make to build the executable 
  or use your favourite build system to compile and link main.cpp with the libs. 

h2. Results Summary

Frameworks ranked in the order "libjson":http://sourceforge.net/projects/libjson, "json_spirit":http://www.codeproject.com/KB/recipes/JSON_Spirit.aspx and "Cajun":http://sourceforge.net/projects/cajun-jsonapi for both parsing and writing speeds

Eg:

bc. $./JsonBenchmarkCpp > results.dat
averydb@debian:~/gits/JsonBenchmarkCpp$ cat results.dat  
#library                 parsing                  writing                  
cajun                    669                      160                      
json_spirit              14907                    731                      
libjson                  139                      203                      
Avery                    35                       55                       
json_parser              114                      


Here the numbers shows time taken by each lib for the particular operation in microseconds.
libjson is a clear winner among the three.
Sample results and corresponding graphs are available in results directory.
For accurate results, replace the content of file data.json with your JSON data and run the executable.

Use the gnuplot script results/graph.p to draw bar diagram out of this data:

bc. $ ./graph.p > graph.png

h3. Thanks

Thanks to the library authors for their effort and time.
You saved me from reinventing the same wheel again!

Special thanks to Jonathan Wallace, for actively developing libjson and helping me with my queries.
